[Merged by Bors] - Use S3 structs from the operator-rs framework (#55)
stackabletech/spark-k8s-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc

[source,yaml]
----
s3bucket:  # <1>
  inline:
    bucketName: my-bucket # <2>
    connection:
      inline:
        host: test-minio # <3>
        port: 9000 # <4>
        secretClass: minio-credentials  # <5>
----
<1> Entry point for the bucket configuration.
<2> Bucket name.
<3> Bucket host.
<4> Optional bucket port.
<5> Name of the `Secret` object expected to contain the following keys: `ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`

It is also possible to configure the bucket connection details as a separate Kubernetes resource and only refer to that object from the Spark application like this:

[source,yaml]
----
s3bucket:
  reference: my-bucket-resource # <1>
----
<1> Name of the bucket resource with connection details.

The resource named `my-bucket-resource` is then defined as shown below:

[source,yaml]
----
---
apiVersion: s3.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: S3Bucket
metadata:
  name: my-bucket-resource
spec:
  bucketName: my-bucket-name
  connection:
    inline:
      host: test-minio
      port: 9000
      secretClass: minio-credentials
----

> This has the advantage that bucket configuration can be shared across Spark applications and reduces the cost of updating this details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has the advantage that bucket configuration can be shared across `SparkApplication`s and reduces the cost of updating these details.
```
